# Swagger generated server

## Overview
This server was generated by the [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.

### Running the server
To run the server, run:

```
npm start
```

To view the Swagger UI interface:

```
open http://localhost:8080/docs
```

This project leverages the mega-awesome [swagger-tools](https://github.com/apigee-127/swagger-tools) middleware which does most all the work.

POST /calculator
Content-Type: application/json
arithmetic-value: addition
Authorization: Bearer <token>

# Matrix Calculator API

This Node.js project provides an API for performing arithmetic operations on matrices.

### Authentication

This API uses JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for authentication. To access protected endpoints, include a valid JWT token in the `Authorization` header with the value `Bearer <token>`.

### Endpoints
- `POST /auth/signin`: Sign in and get a token.
- Request body should include a JSON object with `username` and `password`.
- `POST /calculator`: Perform arithmetic operations on matrices.
- Request body should include a JSON object with `num1` and `num2`, representing the matrices.
- The arithmetic operation to be performed should be specified in the `arithmetic-value` header `you can use only (addition,subtraction,multiplication,division)`

### Example User is 
```
{
  "username": "TEST",
  "password": "TEST"
}
```
Security
All API requests must be made over HTTPS. In addition, sensitive endpoints require authentication using JWT tokens to ensure secure access.
